Societatea Naţională  T: 004-0374 – 401020 551130, Mediaş Capital social: 3.854.224.000 lei 
de Gaze Naturale  F: 004-0269-846901 Piața C.I. Motaş, nr.4  CIF: RO 14056826 
"ROMGAZ" SA E: secretariat@romgaz.ro Jud. Sibiu – România Nr.ord.reg.com: J2001000392326 
  
 
October 17, 2025 
 
A N N O U N C E M E N T 
 
On October 16, 2025, SNGN ROMGAZ SA filed with the Court of Justice of the European Union a direct 
action against the European Commission. 
  
Through this action, the company is primarily seeking the repeal of Delegated Regulation No. 1477/2025 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2024/1735 of the European Parliament and of the Council and the annulment 
of Commission Decision (EU) 2025/1479 of 22 May 2 025 specifying pro-rata contributions to the Union CO₂ 
injection capacity objective by 2030 from oil and gas producers in the European Union.  
 
Regulation (EU) 2024/1735, also known as NZIA, supplemented by the two pieces of legislation whose repeal 
is requested by ROMGAZ, imposes oil and gas producers in the European Union to provide by 2030 a 50 Mtpa 
CO₂ storage capacity of which Romania is acco untable for 10.25 Mtpa, and ROMGAZ, one of the three 
Romanian obligated entities, has a capacity contribution obligation of 4.12 Mtpa.  
 
Injection capacity obligation of Romanian companies accounts for more than 20% of the EU injection 
capacity objective considering that our country is responsible for only 3%, roughly speaking, of the total 
CO₂ emissions generated by EU manufacturing sector between 2020-2023. 
 
As such, ROMGAZ decision to file a direct action against the European Commission was taken in consideration 
of the fact that legislative acts challenged in court introduce significant disproportion and uncompetitive 
behaviour on the oil and gas market to the disadvantage of EU producers. Last but not least, the contribution 
obligation established for ROMGAZ and other oil and gas producers means significant investments without 
any underlying economic feasibility conditions or other adequate guarantees. 
 
STATEMENT OF ROMGAZ CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MR. RĂZVAN POPESCU: 
 
“As main natural gas producer in Romania, ROMGAZ fully undertakes its strategic role and related 
responsibilities – both in continuously ensuring safety of natural gas supplies and in efforts towards industry 
decarbonisation and transition to green energy.  
In this context, the company reviewed and analysed multiple scenarios and options to reduce the carbon 
footprint and to implement green projects, for defining the best path towards reaching decarbonisation 
targets set under the Paris Agreement. Among the r eviewed options there are investments in CO 2 storage 
in depleted natural gas reservoirs and in saline aquifers. Moreover, ROMGAZ carried out detailed technical 
studies and assessments to identify potential reservoirs and to assess the feasibility of transf orming them 
in CO2 storages. 
We remain firmly committed in implementing European Union policies, including the Green Deal, as well 
as new objectives on competitivity and economic recovery set this year. 
However, ROMGAZ will not get involved in projects that do not comply with  market rules, that involve 
major operational risks or that might prejudice the company, its shareholders or the Romanian state. We 
believe that the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2025/1477 supplementing Regulation (EU)  2024/1735 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council,  as well as Commission Decision (EU) 2025/1479 of 22  May 2025 
expose the company to such risks; consequently, we decided to use all available legal means and we will 
challenge these legislative acts before European courts.” 
 
STATEMENT OF ROMGAZ DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MR. ARISTOTEL JUDE:  
 
“On October 16, 2025, ROMGAZ filed a direct action against the European Commission at the European 
Court of Justice. It is for the first time that the company takes such an action, generated by the severe 
implications of NZIA regulation, Commission Delegated Regulation 2025/1477 and Commission Decision (EU) 
2025/1479 of 22 May 2025 on the company and more than that, I say it directly, on consumer’s bearability 
 
 
2/2 
 
of the price paid for goods produced by companies/factories etc.  which includes CO 2 capture, 
transportation and injection measures. Inevitably, the cost of such products will increase, in my opinion, 
beyond the limit of bearability.  
And when I say severe implications, I am also referring to economic risks, considering that we are required 
to make investments of several hundred million Euros without actual guarantees on the return on 
investment, as well as to technical and environmenta l risks. To be noted that the few implemented or 
under development CO 2 storage projects are in off -shore reservoirs, eliminating the risk to contaminate 
the soil or the waters in inhabited areas in the event of potential migrations. There are European stat es 
that, for this reason, have prohibited storage of CO2 in on-shore reservoirs by law.  
And last but not least, I would like to highlight that it is for the first time that the European 
Parliament/Commission, by means of an European regulation/delegated regulation/decision, directly 
imposes obligations, including monetary obligations, to comp anies which are subjected to corporate 
strictness and to the rules of the commercial markets on which they operate, without a prior technical and 
economic impact study showing the technical and economic feasibility in relation to the imposed 
obligations. 
Nevertheless, we are willing to fully cooperate with the European Commission and Parliament to find the 
best technically and economically feasible solutions based on all the impact studies carried out prior to 
the issuance of such regulations to ensure a s ustainable future for the company, the environment and for 
the end customers.”  
 
**** 
 
About ROMGAZ 
SNGN ROMGAZ SA is the largest gas producer and main supplier in Romania. The Company is admitted to trading on the 
Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB). Main shareholder is the Romanian State with a 70% stake. The Company has an 
extensive experience in the field of natural gas exploration and production, with a history of more than 100 years that 
began in 1909.  ROMGAZ undertakes  geological exploration   in order to discover new gas reserves,  produces 
methane from reservoirs included in the company’s portfolio,  performs underground storage of natural 
gas, interventions, workover and special operations in wells , and ensures professional technological transport ation 
services. In 2013, ROMGAZ extended its scope of business by taking over the Iernut thermoelectric power plant, and 
thus it also became an electric power supplier. On August 1, 2022, ROMGAZ became sole shareholder of ROMGAZ BLACK 
SEA LIMITED (established ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Romania Limited), following the completion of the 
share sale transaction, and the transfer of all issued shares (representing 100% of the share capital of) ExxonMobil 
Exploration and Production Romania Limited, which holds 50% of the rights and obligations under the Petroleum 
Agreement for the DeepWater Zone of the Black Sea XIX Neptun offshore block. 
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Răzvan POPESCU 
 
 
 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Aristotel Marius JUDE