Societatea Naţională  T: 004-0374 – 401020 551130, Mediaş Capital social: 3.854.224.000 lei 
de Gaze Naturale  F: 004-0269-846901 Piața C.I. Motaş, nr.4  CIF: RO 14056826 
"ROMGAZ" SA E: secretariat@romgaz.ro Jud. Sibiu – România Nr.ord.reg.com: J2001000392326 
  
 
September 22, 2025  
 
A N N O U N C E M E N T 
ROMGAZ concludes strategic partnership with Weatherford  
to digitalize production operations 
 
 
SNGN ROMGAZ SA, the main natural gas producer and supplier in Romania , announces the conclusion of an 
eight-year contract with Weatherford International, for the implementation of a real -time digital well 
parameters monitoring system. This initiative marks a first for ROMGAZ and reflects its commitment to 
accelerate the digital transformation and production automation process in line with its strategic goals. 
 
The technical solution provided by Weatherford will allow collection and transmission of critical data from 
thousands of wells contributing to the optimization of production, the increase of operational efficiency 
and the improvement of decision-making process through the use of cloud and AI-based technologies. 
 
„Collaboration with Weatherford marks a significant step in ROMGAZ’ digital transformation. For the first 
time, we are implementing real -time monitoring technologies that will provide accurate  data, essential 
for optimizing operations. This project aligns with our innovation strategy and future  readiness,” 
commented Răzvan Popescu, Chief Executive Officer of ROMGAZ. 
 
Girish K. Saligram, President and Chief Executive Officer of Weatherford commented: „We are proud to 
support ROMGAZ in their first deployment of real-time monitoring services. With our technology, expertise 
and recent investment in Romania, Weatherford is well positioned to help ROMGAZ optimize its production 
and develop solutions that enable smarter and more reliable operations.”  
 
The contract provides for the implementation of a digital monitoring campaign in existing locations 
leveraging automated infrastructure supplied by Weatherford. The systems will provide continuous visibility 
on well conditions, enabling prompt interventions and more reliable operations. 
 
Through this partnership, ROMGAZ reaffirms its position of regional leader and continues to invest in modern 
technologies designed to support a smart, safe and sustainable exploitation of natural resources. 
 
**** 
 
 
About ROMGAZ 
SNGN ROMGAZ SA is the largest gas producer and main supplier in Romania. The Company is admitted to trading on the 
Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB). Main shareholder is the Romanian State with a 70% stake. The Company has an 
extensive experience in the field of natural gas exploration and production, with a history of more than 100 years that 
began in 1909. 
ROMGAZ undertakes geological exploration  in order to discover new gas reserves,  produces methane from reservoirs 
included in the company’s portfolio, performs underground storage of natural gas, interventions, workover and special 
operations in wells, and ensures professional technological transportation services. In 2013, ROMGAZ extended its scope 
of business by taking over the Iernut thermoelectric power plant, and thus it also became an  electric power supplier. 
On August 1, 2022, ROMGAZ became sole shareholder of ROMGAZ BLACK SEA LIMITED (established ExxonMobil Exploration 
and Production Romania Limited), following the completion of the share sale transaction, and the transfer of all issued 
shares (representing 100% of the share capital of) ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Romania Limited, which holds 
50% of the rights and obligations under the Petroleum Agreement for the DeepWater Zone of the Black Sea XIX Neptun 
offshore block. 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Răzvan POPESCU