Societatea Naţională  T: 004-0374 – 401020 551130, Mediaş Capital social: 3.854.224.000 lei 
de Gaze Naturale  F: 004-0269-846901 Piața C.I. Motaş, nr.4  CIF: RO 14056826 
"ROMGAZ" SA E: secretariat@romgaz.ro Jud. Sibiu – România Nr.ord.reg.com: J2001000392326 
  
CURRENT REPORT 
In compliance with Law no. 24/2017 regarding Issuers of Financial Instruments and  Market Operations  
and A.S.F. Regulation no. 5/2018 
 
Report date: July 31, 2025 
Company name: Societatea Nationala de Gaze Naturale ROMGAZ S.A. 
Address: Medias, 4 Constantin I. Motas Square, Sibiu County – Romania, 551130 
Phone/fax no: 004-0374-401020 / 004-0269-846901 
Fiscal Code: RO14056826 
LEI Code: 2549009R7KJ38D9RW354 
Trade Register registration number: J2001000392326 
Subscribed and paid in share capital: RON 3,854,224,000  
Regulated market where the issued securities are traded: Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB) 
 
 
Significant event to be reported: 
 
 
• Publication of the Auditor’s Report according to art. 108 from Law no. 24/2017 regarding the 
significant transactions reported in the 1st Semester of 2025 
 
In compliance with art. 108 paragraph 5 and 7 from Law no. 24/2017(R), S.N.G.N. ROMGAZ S.A. publishes 
the Independent Limited Assurance Report on the information included in the current reports issued by the 
Company under the requirements of art. 108 of the Law no. 24/2017(R) and in accordance with the F.S.A. 
Regulation no. 5/2018, during 1st Semester of 2025. 
 
The report is also available on the company’s website www.romgaz.ro  - Investors - News & Events - Current 
Reports Contracts. 
 
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Răzvan POPESCU 
 
 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit S.R.L. 
Ana Tower, 24/3 floor, 1A Poligrafiei Blvd, District 1, 013704 Bucharest, Romania 
EUID ROONRC.J40/17223/1993, fiscal registration code RO4282940, share capital RON 7,630 
T: +40 21 225 3000, www.pwc.ro 
 
This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Romanian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translation  
is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over 
this translation. 
Independent Limited Assurance report  
 
To the Board of Directors of SNGN Romgaz SA 
 
Introduction 
We have been engaged by the Board of Directors of Societatea Nationala de Gaze Naturale Romgaz   
SA ("the Company"), to perform a limited assurance engagement on the information included in the 
attached current reports issued by the Company under the requirements of Article 108 of the Law No. 
24/2017 for issuers of financial instruments and market operations, with the subsequent amendments 
and additions (“Law 24/2017”) and in accordance with the Regulation No. 5/2018 of the Financial 
Supervisory Authority (“Regulation No. 5/2018”).  
Description of the subject matter information and applicable criteria 
The Company has prepared and published the current reports dated 08 January 2025, 09 January 
2025, 16 January 2025, 17 January 2025, 04 February 2025, 10 February 2025, 17 February 2025, 21 
February 2025, 25 February 2025, 27 February 2025, 28 February 2025, 07 March 2025 and 11 
March 2025 (the “Current Reports”). 
These Current Reports contain a list of transactions with related parties concluded in the period from 
1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025 and other information to comply with the requirements of Article 108 
of the Law 24/2017 and Regulation No. 5/2018 (“Reported Transactions)”.  
The criteria for our assessment of the Reported Transactions are contained in items 5 and 6 of Article 
108 of the Law 24/2017, specifically: 
(1) the Reported Transactions are correct and justified from the point of view of the Company and of 
the shareholders who are not affiliated parties, including the minority shareholders, and the 
Current Reports include explanations of the assumptions on which they are based, and the 
methods used;  
(2) the prices related to the Reported Transactions and disclosed in the Current Reports, combined 
with the rights and obligations assumed by the parties, are correct by reference to the other 
existing offers on the market or if the transactions are not carried out at the market price, the 
causes that led to this derogation and the pricing policies will be specified.  
The requirements stated above (the "Applicable Criteria”), in our view, constitute appropriate criteria to 
form the limited assurance conclusion. 
According to the requirements of Law 24/2017, the Reported Transactions included in the Current 
Reports are subject to verification by an independent auditor for the purpose of submitting this report 
to The Financial Supervisory Authority (“ASF") and the Bucharest Stock Exchange (“BVB”). This report 
was prepared to assist the Company in fulfilling these requirements.
 
 
 
 
 
This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Romanian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translation  
is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over 
this translation. 
2 
Responsibility of the management of the Company 
The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the Reported Transactions 
disclosed in the Current Reports in accordance with Law 24/2017 and the Regulation No. 5/2018. The 
management of the Company is also responsible for the correctness and justification of the Reported 
Transactions and for the application of correct prices to the Reported Transactions by reference to the 
other existing offers on the market. This includes the responsibility for the selection and application of  
the appropriate methods for preparation of financial data and non-financial information, as well as for 
the design, implementation and maintenance of systems and processes of internal control and 
accounting records, that are necessary to enable preparation of the Current Reports and assessment 
of the Reported Transactions that is free of material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error, and 
complies with the Applicable Criteria. 
Our responsibility 
Our responsibility was to assess the compliance, in all material respects, of the Reported Transactions 
disclosed in the Current Reports with the Applicable Criteria and to express, based on the evidence 
obtained, an independent limited assurance conclusion.  
We conducted our engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements 3000 (Revised) – “Assurance Engagements other than Audits and Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information” (“ISAE 3000”). This standard requires that we comply with ethical requirements, 
and to plan and perform procedures to obtain limited assurance whether the Reported Transactions 
disclosed in the Current Reports comply, in all material respects, with the Applicable Criteria.  
A limited assurance engagement is substantially less in scope than a reasonable assurance 
engagement in relation to both the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal 
control, and the procedures performed in response to the assessed risks. The procedures performed 
in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a 
reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited 
assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had 
a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.  
Quality management requirements and professional ethics 
We apply International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, 
implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding 
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.  
We comply with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of 
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior.  
Summary of the work performed 
Our planned and performed procedures were aimed at obtaining limited assurance on whether the 
Reported Transactions disclosed in the Current Reports comply, in all material aspects, with the 
Applicable Criteria. We have performed the following procedures:  
● We have obtained from the Company the attached Current Reports. 
● We have verified that the Reported Transactions disclosed in the Current Reports were concluded 
with related parties. 
● We have verified that the persons approving the Current Reports are the authorized 
 
 
 
 
 
This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Romanian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translation  
is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over 
this translation. 
3 
representatives of the Company for the Reported Transactions disclosed in the Current  Reports. 
● For a sample of the Reported Transactions disclosed in the Current Reports, we have determined 
whether their details (such as: the date the documentation was signed and its nature; description 
of the type of goods/services indicated in the documentation; the total realized or estimated value 
of the contracts and, where applicable, the established guarantees and stipulated penalties, the 
terms and method of payment, as well as the related contractual conditions) correspond, in all 
material respects, to the information included in the signed contracts and/or other similar 
contractual documentation made available to us and whether they were signed by the Company's 
representatives, in accordance with the list of authorized signatures provided to us.  
● We inquired of management representatives whether there are market prices for the Reported 
Transactions or whether other offers are available in the market on comparable terms, or where 
the case, the prices are government-regulated. We have also inquired of management whether the 
Reported Transactions are correct and justified from the point of view of the Company and 
shareholders, including minority shareholders, and, where applicable, obtained management's 
explanation of the assumptions on which they based their conclusion, as well as the methods used 
by them. 
● For a sample of the Reported Transactions, to the extent that there is a market price or the prices 
are government-regulated for the goods or services transacted  between the Company and the 
related parties, we discussed with the Company's management how these prices were determined 
and whether, the agreed prices correspond to those used in contractual relations with other parties 
(third parties), for similar services or goods. We have also inquired whether the respective 
transactions are carried out based on the Company's internal procedures regarding price 
substantiation and, respectively, the related contracts are approved by the Company's Board of 
Directors, in accordance with its internal procedures. 
The Current Reports were not subject to audit as defined in International Standards on Auditing. In the 
course of performing the limited assurance procedures, we have not conducted an audit or review of 
the historical financial information used in the process of preparation of the Current Reports and 
therefore we do not accept any responsibility for the issuance or update of any reports or opinions on 
historical financial information of the Company. 
Our procedures were carried out, as described above, exclusively on the Reported Transactions 
disclosed in the Current Reports, published by the Company’s management in regard to  the 
transactions carried out during the period from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025. We did not perform 
any procedure to determine whether the Current Reports include all transactions that the Company 
had to report in accordance with the requirements of Law 24/2017 in this period.  
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
limited assurance conclusion. 
Limited assurance conclusion 
Based on the assurance procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing has come to our  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
This version of our report is a translation from the original, which was prepared in Romanian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translation  
is an accurate representation of the original. However, in all matters of interpretation of information, views or opinions, the original language version of our report takes precedence over 
this translation. 
4 
attention that causes us to believe that the Reported Transactions disclosed in the Current Reports do 
not comply, in all material respects, with the Applicable Criteria. 
Restrictions of use and distribution 
This report has been prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SRL for the Board of Directors of the 
Company and is intended solely to fulfill the purpose described in the section “Description of the 
subject matter information and applicable criteria”. It should not be used for any other purpose.  
In connection with this report, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SRL does not accept any liability 
resulting from contractual and non-contractual relationships (including for negligence) with entities 
other than the Company. The above does not relieve us of liability where such release is excluded by 
law. 
 
 
On behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SRL 
Audit firm registered with 
the Public Electronic Register of financial auditors and audit firms under no FA6  
 
Refer to the original 
 signed Romanian version 
 
Florin Deaconescu 
Financial auditor registered with 
the Public Electronic Register of financial auditors and audit firms under no AF1524 
 
Bucharest, 30 July 2025 
 
We permit this report to be published on the Company’s website. The Board of Directors of the Company is 
responsible for publishing our report on the Company's website and for the reliability of information on the 
Company's website. The scope of our work does not include an assessment of these matters. Accordingly, we are 
not responsible for any changes that may have been made to the information which is the subject of our 
assessment or for differences, if any, between the information covered by our report and the information provided 
on the Company’s website.