Societatea Naţională  T: 004-0374 – 401020 551130, Mediaş Capital social: 3.854.224.000 lei 
de Gaze Naturale  F: 004-0269-846901 Piața C.I. Motaş, nr.4  CIF: RO 14056826 
"ROMGAZ" SA E: secretariat@romgaz.ro Jud. Sibiu – România Nr.ord.reg.com: J2001000392326 
  
December 10, 2025 
 
ANNOUNCEMENT 
ROMGAZ remains strongly committed to invest in Black Sea Neptun Deep Block  
 
 
SNGN ROMGAZ SA remains strongly committed to invest in Black Sea XIX Neptun Deep Block (”Neptun Deep”) 
by extending the current exploration phase within the block.  
As of December 9, 2025, Romanian Government approved Addendum no. 7 to the Concession Agreement for 
XIX Neptun Block, making proof of the support for investment projects in Romania, ensuring the energy 
security and creating a healthy investment environment for the benefit of the economy and the consumers.  
Neptun Deep Block is a key investment area for ROMGAZ as co -owner (through Romgaz Black Sea Limited) 
with 50% ownership, OMW Petrom S.A owning the other 50%, and acting as operator.  
Exploration operations will be conducted simultaneously with the development works of Domino and Pelican 
South, to identify and assess the energy resources of the Black Sea. Such endeavors involve drilling 
Anaconda-1 exploration well in deep water areas, right after concluding the development drilling works.   
Exploration remains one of ROMGAZ’s core activities, enabling the company to identify and assess the energy 
potential within the concessioned blocks. This focus on exploration represents a strategic pillar of ROMGAZ’s 
long-term development, supporting growth across both offshore and onshore segments.  
CEO Răzvan POPESCU: “Neptun Deep Block in the Black Sea represents a strategic investment area for our 
company, and we are fully committed to advancing both the development and exploration projects. These 
projects hold significant importance for the Group’s investment portfoli o. The exploration activity in 
Neptun Deep will shape ROMGAZ Group long -term evolution, reinforce its investment potential, and 
further consolidate the Group’s position on Romanian and regional energy markets.”  
Deputy CEO Aristotel JUDE : ”The extension of the exploration phase in Neptun Deep represents a 
significant achievement, aligned with the national strategic interest, resulting from constructive 
negotiations between the Romanian Government, the National Regulatory Authority for Mining, Petroleum 
and Geological Storage of Carbon Dioxide, and the Neptun Deep Concession Agreement Holders. I would 
like to thank all parties for their support and collaborative approach in advancing the investment projects 
related to Black Sea exploration—an area essential to strengthening national and regional energy security. 
ROMGAZ remains firmly committed to invest in Romania’s energy sector, in line with the company’s long -
term growth vision and strategic direction.” 
 
**** 
 
About ROMGAZ 
SNGN ROMGAZ SA is the largest gas producer and main supplier in Romania. The Company is admitted to trading on the 
Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB). Main shareholder is the Romanian State with a 70% stake. The Company has extensive 
experience in the field of natural gas exploration and production, with a history of more than 100 years that began in 
1909.  
ROMGAZ undertakes geological exploration in order to discover new gas reserves, produces methane from reservoirs 
included in the company’s portfolio, performs underground storage of natural gas, interventions, workover and special 
operations in wells, and ensures professional technological transportation services. In 2013, ROMGAZ extended its scope 
of business by taking over the Iernut thermoelectric power plant, and thus it also became an electric power supplier. 
On August 1, 2022, ROMGAZ became sole shareholder of ROMGAZ BLACK SEA LIMITED (established ExxonMobil Exploration 
and Production Romania Limited), following the completion of the share sale transaction, and the transfer of all issued 
shares (representing 100% of the share capital of) ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Romania Limited, which holds 
 
 
2/2 
 
50% of the rights and obligations under the Petroleum Agreement for the DeepWater Zone of the Black Sea XIX Neptun 
offshore block. 
 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Răzvan POPESCU