Societatea Naţională  T: 004-0374 – 401020 551130, Mediaş Capital social: 3.854.224.000 lei 
de Gaze Naturale  F: 004-0269-846901 Piața C.I. Motaş, nr.4  CIF: RO 14056826 
"ROMGAZ" SA E: secretariat@romgaz.ro Jud. Sibiu – România Nr.ord.reg.com: J2001000392326 
  
 
September 9, 2025 
 
 
A N N O U N C E M E N T 
 
ROMGAZ and Electrica signed a Memorandum of Understanding for the Development 
of Green Energy Production and Storage Capacities of up to 400 MW 
 
 
S.N.G.N ROMGAZ S.A. informs investors that it signed today, September 9, 2025, in the presence of the 
Minister of Energy, Mr. Bogdan IVAN, a Memorandum of Understanding with Electrica regarding the joint 
development of renewable energy production and storage capacities with a total installed capacity of up to 
400 MW, exclusively through Greenfield projects. 
 
The two companies will initiate a collaborative model to implement a common vision: the integrated 
development of a 400 MW renewable energy capacity. This initiative is based on the convergence between 
the operational competencies and the energy production capacity of the two companies, generating a 
distinct value proposition in the regional market. The partnership will be implemented through a dedicated 
investment vehicle, in which E lectrica will have the role of main developer, and R OMGAZ will act as a 
minority strategic partner. The chosen structure allows the capitalization of the strategic complementarities 
between the two entities. 
 
Răzvan POPESCU, CEO of ROMGAZ:  "Today, ROMGAZ takes an important step towards its diversification 
and energy transition strategy. The memorandum signed with Electrica confirms our commitment to 
investing in clean energy and strengthening our role as a pillar of Romania's energy security ."  
Alexandru-Aurelian CHIRIȚĂ, CEO of Electrica: "This partnership marks a defining moment in our Electrica 
2030 strategy. After the success of the €500 million green bond issue in July 2025 and the access to €200 
million in EIB financing, this collaboration with R OMGAZ demonstrates that cooperation models between 
Romanian energy companies can significantly accelerate the transition. We are combining financial strength 
with technical expertise to develop together with R OMGAZ 400MW of green capacity, which will  directly 
contribute to the national renewable energy target by 2030."  
 
The Memorandum lays the foundation for a cooperation architecture that capitalizes on the optimal timing 
of the market – convergence between technological maturity, capital availability and decarbonization 
imperatives. The final transaction, conditioned by  the due diligence process and corporate approvals, will 
define the parameters of a collaboration aimed at redefining the standards of excellence in the Romanian 
energy sector. 
 
**** 
 
About ROMGAZ 
S.N.G.N. ROMGAZ S.A. is the largest gas producer and main supplier in Romania. The Company is admitted to trading 
on the Bucharest Stock Exchange (BVB). Main shareholder is the Romanian State with a 70% stake. The Company has an 
extensive experience in the field of natural gas exploration and production, with a history of more than 100 years that 
began in 1909. 
ROMGAZ undertakes geological exploration  in order to discover new gas reserves,  produces methane from reservoirs 
included in the company’s portfolio, performs underground storage of natural gas, interventions, workover and special 
operations in wells, and ensures professional technological transportation services. In 2013, ROMGAZ extended its scope 
of business by taking over the Iernut thermoelectric power plant, and thus it also became an  electric power supplier. 
 
 
2/2 
 
On August 1, 2022, ROMGAZ became sole shareholder of ROMGAZ BLACK SEA LIMITED (established ExxonMobil Exploration 
and Production Romania Limited), following the completion of the share sale transaction, and the transfer of all issued 
shares (representing 100% of the share capital of) ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Romania Limited, which holds 
50% of the rights and obligations under the Petroleum Agreement for the DeepWater Zone of the Black Sea XIX Neptun 
offshore block. 
 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Răzvan POPESCU